Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose and leave it there for 5 minutes.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and like every post on their wall going back to a year.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Who do you want to make out with the most?
If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
If you haven't had your first kiss yet, who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
Of the people in this room, who would you go out with?
Describe the most attractive thing about each person in this room.
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Who has the best smile?
Who has the cutest nose?
How about prettiest eyes?
Who's the funniest in this room?
What's one thing you would never do in front of someone you had a crush on?
How often do you check yourself out in the mirror when you're on a date?
Who here do you think would be the best kisser?
Who has the best dance moves?
If you could have one physical feature of someone in this room, what would that be?
What is your wildest fantasy?
How far would you go with someone you just met and will never see again?
Rate me on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
If I was a food, what would I be, and how would you eat me?
Would you choose a wild, hot relationship or a calm and stable one?
If you had one week to live and you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?
If you only had 24 hours to live and you could do anything with anyone in this room, who would it be and what would you do with that person?
What's your biggest turn-on?
And your biggest turn-off?
Would you go out with me if I was the last person on earth?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
What's the sexiest thing about [fill in the name of a person in the room]?
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
Lick a car tire.
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?  
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read  which would you choose?  
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?  
After you've dropped a piece of food  what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?  
Have you ever tasted a booger?  
Have you ever played Cards Against Humanity with your parents?  
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?  
Have you ever peed in the pool?  
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this room?  
Have you ever farted in an elevator?  
True or false? You have a crush on _____ [fill in the blank]  
Of the people in this room  who do you want to trade lives with?  
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?  
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?  
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?  
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?  
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?  
What is your guilty pleasure?  
What is your worst habit?  
Has anyone ever walked in on you when going?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?  
Have you ever walked into a wall?  
Do you pick your nose?  
Do you sing in the shower?  
Have you ever peed yourself?  
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?  
Have you ever farted loudly in class?  
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?  
You’re in a public restroom and just went then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?  
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?  
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?  
Do you drool in your sleep?  
Do you talk in your sleep?  
Who is your secret crush?  
Do you think [fill in the name] is cute?  
Who do you like the least in this room  and why?  
What does your dream boy or girl look like?  
What is your go-to song for the shower?  
Who is the sexiest person in this room?  
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?  
Would you rather have sex with girl/boy in secret or not have sex with that person  but everyone thinks you did?  
What don't you like about me?  
What color underwear are you wearing right now?  
What was the last thing you texted?  
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room  who would it be?  
Do you think you'll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?  
How often do you wash your undergarments?  
Have you ever tasted ear wax?  
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?  
Have you ever tasted your sweat?  
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?  
Who is your favorite? Mom or Dad? 
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?  
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?  
What is your biggest pet peeve?  
If you were allowed to marry more than one person  would you? Who would you choose to marry?  
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?  
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?  
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life  what would it be?  
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word  would you try not to do it?  
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?  
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?  
If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend  would you do it?  
If you were reborn  what decade would you want to be born in?  
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did  what would it be?  
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?  
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?  
If you could suddenly become invisible  what would you do?  
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?  
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?  
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom  and why did you stay for that long?  
What's the most unflattering school picture of you?  
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?  
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?  
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?  
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?  
What is your biggest fear?  
Do you pee in the shower?  
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?  
The world ends next week  and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?  
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?  
What is the most childish thing that you still do?  
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?  
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.  
Have you ever kept a library book?  
Who is one person you pretend to like  but actually don’t?  
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?  
Do you have bad foot odor?  
Do you have any silly nicknames?  
When was the last time you wet the bed?  
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?  
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?  
If you had to make out with any Disney character  who would it be?  
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?  
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?  
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?  
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so  what was it?  
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?  
Do you dance when you’re by yourself?  
Would you have voted for or against Trump?  
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?  
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?  
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?  
Are you scared of the dark?  
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?  
Do you still take bubble baths?  
If you were home by yourself all day  what would you do?  
How many selfies do you take a day?  
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?  
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?  
Have you ever used self-tanner?  
What do your favorite pajamas look like?  
Do you have a security blanket?  
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?  
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?  
Do you like hanging out with your parents?  
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn’t?  
What part of your body do you love  and which part do you hate?  
Have you ever had lice?  
Have you ever pooped your pants?  
What was the last R-rated movie you watched?  
Do you lick your plate?  
What is something that no one else knows about you?  
Do you write in a diary? 
What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?  
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?  
If you had to make out with a boy at school  who would it be?  
Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing a bra?  
Have you ever asked someone out?  
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?  
Who is the worst kisser you’ve kissed?  
What size is your bra?  
Do you wear tighty whities or granny panties?  
Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?  
Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?  
Have you ever been stood up on a date?  
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done regarding your crush?  
Do you secretly love Twilight?  
Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?  
Who is the hottest? Hagrid  Dumbledore  or Dobby?  
If you could marry any celebrity  who would it be?  
What do you do to get yourself 'sexy'?  
Who is your current crush?  
What hairstyle have you always wanted  but never been willing to try?  
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done in front of someone you like?  
What part of your body do you love  and which part do you hate?  
Who is your celebrity crush?  
If you could change one thing about your body  what would it be?  
Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?  
Who are you jealous of?  
If you could be another girl at our school  who would you be?  
Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?  
Who are the top five cutest guys in our class? Rank them.  
How many kids do you want to have in the future?  
Who do you hate the most?  
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity  who would it be?  
If you were stranded on a deserted island  who would you want to be stranded with from our school?  
Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?  
Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?  
Have you ever had a crush on friend's boyfriend?  
Who is your first pick for prom?  
What's the sexiest thing about a guy?  
What's the sexiest thing about a girl?  
What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?  
Would you rather be a guy than a girl? Why?  
Describe your dream career.  
If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat  what would that food be?  
If you had to do a game show with someone in this room  who would you pick?  
Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?  
You are going to be stuck on a desert island  and you can only bring five things. List them.  
If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life  would you choose curly hair or straight hair?  
You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?  
Would you date someone shorter than you?  
If someone paid you $1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt  would you do it? ]
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
I dare you to tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour
Dump a bunch of legos on the floor and walk over it with your bare feet.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Jump into a dumpster.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under it, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Eat a raw egg.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Cover your hair with shaving cream and leave it on until the end of the game.
Let the group choose 3 random things from the refrigerator and mix it together. Then you have to eat it.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Sniff another player’s armpit for 10 seconds.
Give your phone to another player to send a text message to their contact of choice.
Let the other players go through your phone for a minute.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
One by one, make up a title for each players’ movie about their life.
Let your friends pose you and stay like that until the next round.
Let each player choose one word, then attempt to form a sentence with it and post it to Facebook.
Empty your purse, backpack, or wallet and let everyone see what you have.
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.
Whoever’s name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.
Eat a raw onion and do your best not to cry.
Be blindfolded and let someone feed you something.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone’s toe.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can and you have to lick it.
Go to the bathroom, and the person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Trade socks with the person to your right.
Have the person to your right do 10 squats while you lie underneath them.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Hold hands with the person to you left for the rest of the game.
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Smells someone else’s shoes
Take the socks off the person’s feet across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Serenade the person next to you.
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.
Let the person across from you give you a wedgie.
Dance aggressively until you run out of breath.
Eat a single spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.
Get a bar of soap from the bathroom and sell it to the group for 3 minutes.
Go outside, and while skipping down the street, sing “Let it Go’ from Frozen.
With your eyes closed, pick someone from your contact list and send them a text.
Stand up and do your best impersonation of the person on your right.
Go in the kitchen and rearrange everything in the food pantry in alphabetical order.
Imagine the person to your left is your pet, talk to them as though you just got home.
Imagine that you are a dog and act like it until your next turn.
Describe what the sky looks like without using the words blue or white.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Everytime someone chooses dare, walk across the floor like a crab and embrace them with a hug.
Make up a song about the host of the party.
Exchange shirts with the person to your left and wear it for the remainder of the game.
Knock on the neighbor’s door and explain to them that your pet penguin got loose and ask if you can look for it in their backyard.
Invent a new color for nail polish and describe the person who would be most likely to wear it.
For the next 15 minutes, everything you say must be spoken in baby talk.
Allow the person to your left to cut your hair however they see fit.
Give 5 dollars to each player if you curse at any point during the game.
Make a sandwich while blindfolded.
Stick an egg in the microwave and attempt to juggle it for 30 seconds.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
From now until your next turn, every time someone talks, interrupt by saying, “that’s a lie.”
You notice that the person sitting on your right has something on their face, spit on your finger and wipe it off for them.
Get down on one knee and propose to the person on your left.
Awkwardly smell someone else’s hair until they notice.
Take the socks off the person’s feet across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Open Facebook and “like” the first thing that pops up even if you disagree with it.
Stand up and do your best impersonation of your mom.
Go for a short walk outside and while walking, hold a conversation with yourself.
Rearrange all the pictures in the room according to their size.
Take off your shoe and clean your foot as though you are an animal.
Stick your head in the toilet.
Put makeup on the person sitting the farthest away from you.
Do your best impersonation of someone else in the room and keep going until someone else guesses who you are.
Call a realtor and show genuine interest in a random house for several minutes.
For the next 10 minutes, when someone speaks, put your ear up close to them and act as though you can’t hear what they are saying.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
For the rest of the game, you must cluck like a chicken at the beginning and end of everything you say.
Be silent and say nothing from now until your next turn.
While blindfolded, you must eat something that the person to your left chooses to feed you.
Tie your shoe strings together with another person and walk together to the end of the driveway and back.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “I was adopted! Nooooooo.”
Text a friend and tell them their hair is on backward.
Wear your clothes backward for the duration of the game.
Tell someone something negative you have said about them in private.
Go outside to the trash bin and throw a tantrum because someone put trash in it.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Call someone and confess your new-found love for Justin Bieber.
Kiss the person to your right on the cheek.
Sniff the person to your left and tell them they smell bad.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Sit on your hands for the remainder of the game.
Knock on the neighbor’s door and ask if you can park your helicopter in their driveway.
Take someone with you outside in the sight of the neighbors and stare into the sky until someone asks you what you are looking at, then tell them that you saw a UFO.
Text your mom and tell her that you are expecting a baby.
Walk outside frantically carrying an empty leash and approach people asking them if they have seen your pet alligator because it just escaped.
Go into the bathroom and look in the cabinet. Write a short summary of what you find and read it to the group.
Call the nearest gas station and ask them if they sell hemorrhoid cream.
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
Make a sandwich containing every condiment in your refrigerator.
Close your eyes and let everyone draw on you for 5 minutes.
Tell a bizarre 2-minute story about the night you slept in the woods.
Stand up and dance the twist until your next turn.
Name the person in the room who you think is the best dressed.
Name the person in the room who you think is the worst dressed.
Text your siblings and tell them that you just found out you are adopted.
Make the sound of a dripping faucet until your next turn.
From now until the end of the game, every time you talk, speak like a robot.
Act like a cheerleader and do a cheer about the host of the party.
For the rest of the game, you must only communicate using animal sounds.
Make confetti out of a tissue.
Describe to the group what your last bathroom experience was like.
Get a magazine and go outside. Roll up the magazine, put it on your nose and act and sound like an elephant.
Make a hat out of aluminum foil then put the hat on and post a selfie to social media. Leave the hat on for the duration of the game.
Hang your socks from your ears until the end of the game.
Fill your mouth with water and act like a fountain.
For the rest of the game you must say your name at the beginning and the end of every sentence you speak.
Repeat everything the person to your left says until your next turn.
Choose one inanimate object that is in the room. Now spend the next 2-minutes telling the group what that object is thinking.
Attempt to lick your elbow for at least five minutes.
Make eye contact with a player and don’t break it until it’s your turn again.
Get a mouthful of water and gargle it until your next turn.
Do the chicken dance to no music until your next turn.
Crack an egg on your head.
Stick out your tongue and talk that way until your next turn.
Bust your best dance move right now.
Turn your pants inside out and wear them.
Do everything with “crab hands” for the rest of the game.
Reenact what you think it is like to give birth.
For the rest of the game, speak like you are the President of America.
Pretend like you are drunk for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Make up a short cheer and shout it to the room.
Speak in the voice of your favorite cartoon character until your next turn.
Use ketchup to put the mark of Simba on your forehead.
Put a piece of American cheese on your cheek and leave it until your next turn.
Hum a song of your choice, don’t stop until someone correctly guesses the song.
Pour a glass of ice water on your head.
Bite down on both of your pinky fingers for fifteen seconds, then tightly interlock your pinkies.
Do your best touchdown celebration dance.
Go as long as you can without blinking.
Choose another player to give you a wet willy.
Do the salt and ice challenge.
Lick your big toe.
Open the closest book to a random page, point at a random sentence, and then text that sentence to the last person that texted you without giving any other context.
Take a deep breath of the socks you are wearing right now.
Drink a glass of water while upside down.
Do 25 sit ups.
Show the other players the five most recent photos in your camera roll.
Cut some of your hair, even if it is just a small strand.
What is a common skill (ex. Whistling), that you do not possess?
Tickle the next person you see who is not playing the game.
Chew a piece of gum with the wrapper still on.
Make up a song and sing it.
Eat a tablespoon of butter.
Put on makeup without looking in a mirror.
Do the splits, or go down as far as you can if you can’t do a full split.
Lick the elbow of the person beside you
Let another player post something on one of your social media accounts.
Do the worm.
Dance to your favorite song, in its entirety, in your driveway.
Close your eyes and have another player place your finger on a part of their body, then guess what part you are touching.
Lick your own armpit.
Trade one article of clothing with another player for the next 2 rounds.
Do jumping jacks until it is your turn again.
Give the person to your left a foot rub.
Allow the other players to send one text to anyone in your contact list.
Passionately makeup with the palm of your hand.
Take off your socks using only your teeth.
Eat a small portion of toothpaste.
Lick a bar of soap.
Eat a piece of toilet paper.
Sing the alphabet backwards, every time you mess up another player is allowed to pinch you.
Drink a mystery cocktail created by the other players.
Try to sing a song with a mouthful of water.
Play the next 3 rounds blindfolded.
Do your best yodel.
Go commando for the next 5 rounds.
Put an ice cube down your pants and let it melt.
Roast everybody that is playing the game.
Do your best acceptance speech for an award of your choice.
Stick your hand in the toilet bowl for 3 seconds.
Eat a booger.
Lick the ear of the player across from you.
Call Subway or a local sub shop and ask how long their foot long sub is.
Take a bite out of a stick of chapstick or lipstick.
Only speak using song lyrics for the next 3 rounds.
Take a shot of lime juice.
Eat a piece of fruit off of the stomach of the player to your right.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes for the next ten minutes.
Do your best Michael Jackson impersonation.
Put peanut butter between your toes and let a dog lick it off, or sit with it there for the next 4 rounds if no dog is nearby.
Play imaginary limbo. How low can you go?
Let the other players give you a makeover, using condiments as makeup.
Eat a banana and then chug a can of sprite.
Finish another player’s drink.
Allow another player to “mama bird” a piece of food, to you, the “baby bird”.
Shave off one of your eyebrows.
Draw a face on your stomach and talk using your stomach face for the next 5 rounds.
Play the next 3 rounds with a slice of onion underneath both of your eyes.
Make the ugliest face you can make.
Let another player rock you like a baby.
Chug a glass of milk.
Put your finger in your ear and then lick your finger.
Take off another player’s sock without using your hands.
Allow the other players to blindfold you. And then guess who each player is just by sniffing them.
Dance like a ballerina for 2 minutes.
Sit with a wet sponge on your head for the next 5 rounds.
Bite another player’s fingernails.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Put as many marshmallows in your mouth as you can.
Let your dog lick you on the mouth.
Give the player to your right a piggy back ride around the room.
Skip backwards in a circle while saying a tongue twister.
Eat a banana with the peel on.
Wear your pants backwards for the next 3 rounds.
Allow the other players to do your eyebrows.
Eat a piece of dog food and try to convince the other players it’s delicious.
Lick another player’s palm.
Pretend like you are embarrassed for other people to see your thumbs.
Let another player draw something on your face.
Hula hoop for 2 minutes.
Communicate only by whistling for the next 5 minutes.
Give yourself a scalp massage using vegetable oil.
Make a sandwich, blindfolded.
Chew on a piece of tape for the remainder of the round.
Call your mom and tell her you got engaged.
Stand on one leg for 10 minutes.
Moonwalk down the street in front of your house.
Ask your neighbor if they’ve seen your missing tractor, imply that they stole it.
Peel a potato with your teeth.
Lick another player’s toes.
Smell all the other players’ breath and rate it 1-10.
Talk like Shakespeare for the next 3 rounds.
Eat a spoonful of cinnamon.
Get a stranger to smell your breath.
Eat a leaf.
Wear a necklace made out of floss, which another player has just used, for the next 5 rounds.
Smell all of the other players’ feet.
Do a wall sit for 60 seconds.
Chew on a piece of tin foil for 30 seconds.
Prank call the last person that called you.
Put your finger in another player’s nose.
Tie your hands to your ankles and stay like that for the next 4 rounds.
Eat a clove of garlic.
Take a shot of toilet water.
Put a pillow under your shirt and pretend to be going into labor.
Lick the floor.
Smell another player’s armpit.
Hug a stranger and don’t let go for five seconds.
Seduce a stuffed animal.
Let the other players wrap you up in toilet paper and stay like that for the rest of the game.
Let another player lick chocolate syrup off of your stomach.
Eat a raw onion.
Shave a strip of hair from your arm.
Cut another player’s toenails.
Post a picture of your toilet on social media, with a “deep” quote as the caption.
Walk like a crab for 3 minutes.
Allow another player to slap you in the face.
Suck on your thumb for the next 3 rounds.
Try to kick yourself in the face.
Eat a piece of food without using your hands.
Get hyped up like a wrestler before a fight and rip off your shirt.
Place both your hands in another players pockets and keep them there for 15 minutes. You must each perform a dare before you are allowed to remove them.
Lick a dollar bill.
Imitate a monkey AND a donkey at the same time
Wear a beard made of shaving cream for the next 3 rounds.
Brush another player’s teeth using your index finger.
Go outside and take a selfie with a stranger.
Send your significant other a text that says “I know what you did last summer”.
Wink and lick your lips whenever someone new walks in the room.
Take a bite out of a crayon.
Send a text using only your tongue, don’t proofread it before sending.
Reenact your favorite movie scene.
Pull out 5 strands of leg hair.
Do your best burlesque routine for 1 minute.
Try to make yourself cry.
Give yourself a brain freeze.
For the next five rounds, any time a player says “cheese”, spank yourself.
Wear your pants on your arms for the rest of the game.
Spin around 15 times and then jump rope for 30 seconds.
Wear your socks on your hands for the next 5 rounds.
Call a random number and confess your love for the person on the end.
Sing and dance to YMCA without any music.
Tell the most offensive joke you know.
Call a random number and ask them how their day was, keep them on the line for as long as possible.
Take a whiff of ground pepper and try not to sneeze.
Take an embarrassing selfie and set it as your profile picture on one of your social media accounts for the rest of the night.
Sit on another player’s lap until the next round.
Lick the cheek of the player to your left.
Take a shot of mustard.
Try to put your foot behind your head.
Glue 2 fingers together and leave them like that for the rest of the game.
Freestyle rap for a minute.
Have you ever had an embarrassing dream about one of the other players?
Let the other players paint your nails.
Put cotton balls in your ears for the next 3 rounds.
Do your best tango with the nearest mop or broom.
For the next 5 minutes, only respond to people by saying “you know that’s right”.
Sit in the nearest closet until it is your turn again.
Do a back bend.
Kiss another player on the cheek.
Talk with a Russian accent for the next 3 rounds.
Do the chicken dance until it is your turn again.
Let another player spank you with a fly swatter.
Paint your eyebrows using peanut butter.
Eat a spoonful of soy sauce.
Call a random person and sing a song, don’t stop until they hang up.
Stand on one leg for the next 2 rounds.
Eat a raw egg.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.