What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
Have you ever played Cards Against Humanity with your parents?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this room?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false? You have a crush on [fill in the blank].
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your worst habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when going #2 in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
You’re in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who is your secret crush?
Do you think [fill in the name] is cute?
Who do you like the least in this room, and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person, but everyone thinks you did?
What don't you like about me?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
What was the last thing you texted?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?
Do you think you'll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Who is your favorite? Mom or Dad?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What's the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?
Do you dance when you’re by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
Are you scared of the dark?
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
Have you ever used self-tanner?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn’t?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last R-rated movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Do you write in a diary?
Truth: Tell me about the last time you got really embarrassed.
Dare: Hum a song of your choice, don’t stop until someone correctly guesses the song.
Truth: What’s the longest you’ve worn the same outfit for?
Dare: Pour a glass of ice water on your head.
Truth: Have you ever had a crush on one of your teachers?
Dare: Bite down on both of your pinky fingers for fifteen seconds, then tightly interlock your pinkies.
Truth: Where are you ticklish?
Dare: Do your best touchdown celebration dance.
Truth: What do you think is your best feature?
Dare: Go as long as you can without blinking.
Truth: Have you ever cheated on a test?
Dare: Choose another player to give you a wet willy.
Truth: Who was your first celebrity crush?
Dare: Do the salt and ice challenge.
Truth: Do you believe in any superstitions?
Dare: Lick your big toe.
Truth: Have you showered today?
Dare: Open the closest book to a random page, point at a random sentence, and then text that sentence to the last person that texted you without giving any other context.
Truth: Where’s the farthest you’ve traveled?
Dare: Take a deep breath of the socks you are wearing right now.
Truth: What’s the weirdest food combo that you eat?
Dare: Drink a glass of water while upside down.
Truth: What’s the meanest thing you have ever said to someone?
Dare: Do 25 sit ups.
Truth: What was the last movie that made you cry?
Dare: Show the other players the five most recent photos in your camera roll.
Truth: If you had to be stuck on a desert island with any celebrity, who would it be?
Dare: Cut some of your hair, even if it is just a small strand.
Truth: Have you ever gotten arrested or almost gotten arrested?
Dare: What is a common skill (ex. Whistling), that you do not possess?
Truth: What would your stripper name be?
Dare: Tickle the next person you see who is not playing the game.
Truth: Have you ever blamed a fart on somebody else?
Dare: Chew a piece of gum with the wrapper still on.
Truth: When is the last time you peed in your pants?
Dare: Make up a song and sing it.
Truth: Would you volunteer as tribute for anyone in the Hunger Games?
Dare: Eat a tablespoon of butter.
Truth: Who is your least favorite person in the room?
Dare: Put on makeup without looking in a mirror.
Truth: If you were famous, what would it be for?
Dare: Do the splits, or go down as far as you can if you can’t do a full split.
Truth: What is your biggest insecurity?
Dare: Lick the elbow of the person beside you
Truth: Have you ever eaten your own boogers?
Dare: Let another player post something on one of your social media accounts.
Truth: What is the meanest practical joke you have ever pulled on someone?
Dare: Do the worm.
Truth: Who was the last person you betrayed?
Dare: Dance to your favorite song, in its entirety, in your driveway.
Truth: What is the last thing you searched for on your phone?
Dare: Close your eyes and have another player place your finger on a part of their body, then guess what part you are touching.
Truth: What’s the stupidest thing you were scared of as a kid?
Dare: Lick your own armpit.
Truth: Do you sing in the shower?
Dare: Trade one article of clothing with another player for the next 2 rounds.
Truth: Do you cheat at board games?
Dare: Do jumping jacks until it is your turn again.
Truth: What is your least favorite feature?
Dare: Give the person to your left a foot rub.
Truth: Have you ever sung karaoke?
Dare: Allow the other players to send one text to anyone in your contact list.
Truth: Who is your least favorite family member?
Dare: Passionately makeup with the palm of your hand.
Truth: Have you ever lied on your resume?
Dare: Take off your socks using only your teeth.
Truth: Do you ever intentionally smell your own farts?
Dare: Eat a small portion of toothpaste.
Truth: Have you ever pretended to not get a text to get out of doing something?
Dare: Lick a bar of soap.
Truth: What is the worst thing you have ever smelled?
Dare: Eat a piece of toilet paper.
Truth: Have you ever pretend to cry to get out of a speeding ticket?
Dare: Sing the alphabet backwards, every time you mess up another player is allowed to pinch you.
Truth: What is the craziest dream you can remember having?
Dare: Drink a mystery cocktail created by the other players.
Truth: What is an instant deal breaker in a new relationship?
Dare: Try to sing a song with a mouthful of water.
Truth: Have you ever performed in front of a crowd?
Dare: Play the next 3 rounds blindfolded.
Truth: What is your biggest regret in life?
Dare: Do your best yodel.
Truth: Do you have any hidden talents?
Dare: Go commando for the next 5 rounds.
Truth: Have you ever been in a fight?
Dare: Put an ice cube down your pants and let it melt.
Truth: Do you walk around naked when you are home alone?
Dare: Roast everybody that is playing the game.
Truth: What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Dare: Do your best acceptance speech for an award of your choice.
Truth: Do you believe in love at first sight?
Dare: Stick your hand in the toilet bowl for 3 seconds.
Truth: Where is the craziest place you have ever had sex?
Dare: Eat a booger.
Truth: What is the dumbest thing you have done while drunk?
Dare: Lick the ear of the player across from you.
Truth: What’s the most inappropriate time you have ever laughed?
Dare: Call Subway or a local sub shop and ask how long their foot long sub is.
Truth: Have you ever won an award you didn’t deserve?
Dare: Take a bite out of a stick of chapstick or lipstick.
Truth: Have you ever shoplifted?
Dare: Only speak using song lyrics for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: Have you ever had sex in your parents’ bed?
Dare: Take a shot of lime juice.
Truth: What is the worst place you have ever thrown up?
Dare: Eat a piece of fruit off of the stomach of the player to your right.
Truth: What is your worst habit?
Dare: Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes for the next ten minutes.
Truth: What would your dream job be?
Dare: Do your best Michael Jackson impersonation.
Truth: Are there any movies that are widely accepted as bad, but you love? If so which ones?
Dare: Put peanut butter between your toes and let a dog lick it off, or sit with it there for the next 4 rounds if no dog is nearby.
Truth: Would you ever date someone much older than you?
Dare: Play imaginary limbo. How low can you go?
Truth: Have you ever cheated on someone?
Dare: Let the other players give you a makeover, using condiments as makeup.
Truth: Have you ever eaten food that’s been on the floor longer than 5 seconds?
Dare: Eat a banana and then chug a can of sprite.
Truth: Tell the other players your best pickup line.
Dare: Finish another player’s drink.
Truth: What is your favorite possession?
Dare: Allow another player to “mama bird” a piece of food, to you, the “baby bird”.
Truth: What is the dumbest thing you have ever lied about?
Dare: Shave off one of your eyebrows.
Truth: When was the last time you watched an “adult movie”?
Dare: Draw a face on your stomach and talk using your stomach face for the next 5 rounds.
Truth: What is the worst thing you have ever tasted?
Dare: Play the next 3 rounds with a slice of onion underneath both of your eyes.
Truth: What is the worst type of music?
Dare: Make the ugliest face you can make.
Truth: Which celebrity do you hate the most?
Dare: Let another player rock you like a baby.
Truth: Have you ever intentionally sabotaged a coworker?
Dare: Chug a glass of milk.
Truth: What do you think happens when you die?
Dare: Put your finger in your ear and then lick your finger.
Truth: What is your biggest guilty pleasure song/ artist?
Dare: Take off another player’s sock without using your hands.
Truth: Which is worse, physical pain or emotional pain?
Dare: Allow the other players to blindfold you. And then guess who each player is just by sniffing them.
Truth: Who is the biggest flirt in the room?
Dare: Dance like a ballerina for 2 minutes.
Truth: Would you ever get plastic surgery?
Dare: Sit with a wet sponge on your head for the next 5 rounds.
Truth: What is your least favorite sport to play?
Dare: Bite another player’s fingernails.
Truth: Who was the last person you said “I love you” to?
Dare: Take a shower with your clothes on.
Truth: Where do you want to travel to the most?
Dare: Put as many marshmallows in your mouth as you can.
Truth: Have you ever paid for sex?
Dare: Let your dog lick you on the mouth.
Truth: Do you still know your first crush?
Dare: Give the player to your right a piggy back ride around the room.
Truth: What word do you hate the most?
Dare: Skip backwards in a circle while saying a tongue twister.
Truth: What is the worst rumor you’ve ever started or participated in?
Dare: Eat a banana with the peel on.
Truth: If you could switch bodies with anyone in the world, who would it be?
Dare: Wear your pants backwards for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: Would you ever consider being a nudist?
Dare: Allow the other players to do your eyebrows.
Truth: Do you believe in soul mates?
Dare: Eat a piece of dog food and try to convince the other players it’s delicious.
Truth: What is the most expensive gift you have ever bought someone?
Dare: Lick another player’s palm.
Truth: Have you ever been fired from a job?
Dare: Pretend like you are embarrassed for other people to see your thumbs.
Truth: Would you rather become an astronaut or movie star?
Dare: Let another player draw something on your face.
Truth: Who is your hero?
Dare: Hula hoop for 2 minutes.
Truth: Who did you have your best kiss with?
Dare: Communicate only by whistling for the next 5 minutes.
Truth: Has a Pixar movie ever made you cry?
Dare: Give yourself a scalp massage using vegetable oil.
Truth: Would you marry someone you didn’t love if they were really rich?
Dare: Make a sandwich, blindfolded.
Truth: Without saying who, do you want to kiss any of the other players?
Dare: Chew on a piece of tape for the remainder of the round.
Truth: Are you more likely to be 10 minutes late or 10 minutes early?
Dare: Call your mom and tell her you got engaged.
Truth: Have you ever been on TV?
Dare: Stand on one leg for 10 minutes.
Truth: Do you think you could go a month without using the internet?
Dare: Moonwalk down the street in front of your house.
Truth: What’s something you wish you were better at?
Dare: Ask your neighbor if they’ve seen your missing tractor, imply that they stole it.
Truth: Have you ever had a near-death experience?
Dare: Peel a potato with your teeth.
Truth: Do you think cheating is ever justified?
Dare: Lick another player’s toes.
Truth: Have you ever compromised your morals for money?
Dare: Smell all the other players’ breath and rate it 1-10.
Truth: Do you pee in the shower?
Dare: Talk like Shakespeare for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: When was the last time you turned your phone completely off?
Dare: Eat a spoonful of cinnamon.
Truth: Has a book ever made you cry?
Dare: Get a stranger to smell your breath.
Truth: What do you think would be the worst way to die?
Dare: Eat a leaf.
Truth: What is the worst movie you have ever seen?
Dare: Wear a necklace made out of floss, which another player has just used, for the next 5 rounds.
Truth: Have you ever started a fire while cooking?
Dare: Smell all of the other players’ feet.
Truth: Have you ever seriously injured another person?
Dare: Do a wall sit for 60 seconds.
Truth: What is the worst pain you’ve ever experienced?
Dare: Chew on a piece of tin foil for 30 seconds.
Truth: How many people have you slept with?
Dare: Prank call the last person that called you.
Truth: What is the most charitable or heroic thing you have done?
Dare: Put your finger in another player’s nose.
Truth: How do you think other people perceive you?
Dare: Tie your hands to your ankles and stay like that for the next 4 rounds.
Truth: Which player made the worst first impression on you?
Dare: Eat a clove of garlic.
Truth: What is the craziest thing you would do sexually?
Dare: Take a shot of toilet water.
Truth: What is the nastiest smell that you love?
Dare: Put a pillow under your shirt and pretend to be going into labor.
Truth: Have you ever compromised your beliefs for a significant other?
Dare: Lick the floor.
Truth: Do you believe in fate?
Dare: Smell another player’s armpit.
Truth: Would you rather be forgotten when you die, or live forever in infamy?
Dare: Hug a stranger and don’t let go for five seconds.
Truth: What animal best represents you?
Dare: Seduce a stuffed animal.
Truth: What is the most scared you have ever been?
Dare: Let the other players wrap you up in toilet paper and stay like that for the rest of the game.
Truth: If you could tattoo clothes on you and be naked forever, would you?
Dare: Let another player lick chocolate syrup off of your stomach.
Truth: What is the dumbest trend you have ever gone along with?
Dare: Eat a raw onion.
Truth: Did you have an imaginary friend as a child?
Dare: Shave a strip of hair from your arm.
Truth: Do you believe in astrology?
Dare: Cut another player’s toenails.
Truth: Have you ever thrown up on a roller coaster?
Dare: Post a picture of your toilet on social media, with a “deep” quote as the caption.
Truth: What is the longest distance you have ever run?
Dare: Walk like a crab for 3 minutes.
Truth: What do you think is the most important lesson to teach your kids?
Dare: Allow another player to slap you in the face.
Truth: Have you ever done the deed at work?
Dare: Suck on your thumb for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: What is the best advice you have ever received?
Dare: Try to kick yourself in the face.
Truth: What is the worst hair style you’ve had?
Dare: Eat a piece of food without using your hands.
Truth: Do you believe in karma?
Dare: Get hyped up like a wrestler before a fight and rip off your shirt.
Truth: Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
Dare: Place both your hands in another players pockets and keep them there for 15 minutes. You must each perform a dare before you are allowed to remove them.
Truth: Have you ever had sex in a public place?
Dare: Lick a dollar bill.
Truth: Which player do you trust the least?
Dare: Imitate a monkey AND a donkey at the same time
Truth: Have you ever said “I love you” and not meant it?
Dare: Wear a beard made of shaving cream for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: If you could slap another player, who would it be?
Dare: Brush another player’s teeth using your index finger.
Truth: What is the worst advice you have ever received?
Dare: Go outside and take a selfie with a stranger.
Truth: What misconception do people have about you?
Dare: Send your significant other a text that says “I know what you did last summer”.
Truth: Do you believe there is alien life?
Dare: Wink and lick your lips whenever someone new walks in the room.
Truth: Have you ever gotten blackout drunk?
Dare: Take a bite out of a crayon.
Truth: What was your weirdest habit as a kid?
Dare: Send a text using only your tongue, don’t proofread it before sending.
Truth: Who would you help hide a body for?
Dare: Reenact your favorite movie scene.
Truth: Have you ever given bad advice on purpose?
Dare: Pull out 5 strands of leg hair.
Truth: Do you tell a friend if they have something in their teeth?
Dare: Do your best burlesque routine for 1 minute.
Truth: If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Dare: Try to make yourself cry.
Truth: Have you ever had lice?
Dare: Give yourself a brain freeze.
Truth: Do you like being alone or surrounded by friends?
Dare: For the next five rounds, any time a player says “cheese”, spank yourself.
Truth: Would you rather have 4 kids or no kids?
Dare: Wear your pants on your arms for the rest of the game.
Truth: Are you a sore loser?
Dare: Spin around 15 times and then jump rope for 30 seconds.
Truth: Do you look at your poop before you flush the toilet?
Dare: Wear your socks on your hands for the next 5 rounds.
Truth: What is more important to you, revenge or forgiveness?
Dare: Call a random number and confess your love for the person on the end.
Truth: Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Dare: Sing and dance to YMCA without any music.
Truth: Which player do you trust the most?
Dare: Tell the most offensive joke you know.
Truth: Do you believe in ghosts?
Dare: Call a random number and ask them how their day was, keep them on the line for as long as possible.
Truth: What are you most proud of in life?
Dare: Take a whiff of ground pepper and try not to sneeze.
Truth: What is your least favorite memory from high school?
Dare: Take an embarrassing selfie and set it as your profile picture on one of your social media accounts for the rest of the night.
Truth: What song can you not help but dance to?
Dare: Sit on another player’s lap until the next round.
Truth: Have you ever smoked marijuana?
Dare: Lick the cheek of the player to your left.
Truth: What is the pettiest thing you have ever done?
Dare: Take a shot of mustard.
Truth: When was the last time you stalked an ex on social media?
Dare: Try to put your foot behind your head.
Truth: What is your biggest pet peeve?
Dare: Glue 2 fingers together and leave them like that for the rest of the game.
Truth: What is a useless skill that you would like to learn?
Dare: Freestyle rap for a minute.
Truth: What is one job that you could never do?
Dare: Have you ever had an embarrassing dream about one of the other players?
Truth: If you could be a fly on the wall, where would you fly?
Dare: Let the other players paint your nails.
Truth: What is the worst injury you’ve ever had?
Dare: Put cotton balls in your ears for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: If you could only eat one candy for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Dare: Do your best tango with the nearest mop or broom.
Truth: When was the last time you picked your nose?
Dare: For the next 5 minutes, only respond to people by saying “you know that’s right”.
Truth: Are you scared of getting old?
Dare: Sit in the nearest closet until it is your turn again.
Truth: Who has the best butt in the room?
Dare: Do a back bend.
Truth: What is something you feel guilty about?
Dare: Kiss another player on the cheek.
Truth: What is the sexiest thing someone can do?
Dare: Talk with a Russian accent for the next 3 rounds.
Truth: Do you have a crush on any of your coworkers?
Dare: Do the chicken dance until it is your turn again.
Truth: Do you still love any of your exes?
Dare: Let another player spank you with a fly swatter.
Truth: Have you ever ghosted somebody?
Dare: Paint your eyebrows using peanut butter.
Truth: Have you ever had a one night stand?
Dare: Eat a spoonful of soy sauce.
Truth: What is the scariest thing you’ve ever done?
Dare: Call a random person and sing a song, don’t stop until they hang up.
Truth: Would you eat human meat grown in a lab?
Dare: Stand on one leg for the next 2 rounds.
Truth: What was your nickname as a child?
Dare: Eat a raw egg.
Truth: What is the worst present anyone has given you?
Dare: Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Lick peanut butter or some other kind of spread off someone’s cheek.
Close your eyes and let another player feed you one spoonful of anything in the fridge.
Go skinny dipping in a pool or streak around the house.
Let one person spank you as hard as they want to, on your butt.
Leave an R-rated voicemail for one of your exes.
Do your best fake “O” while looking someone in their eyes.
Eat half on an onion and don’t cry.
Let someone read your dirty text messages out loud.
Make out with your hand.
Apply for a really weird job online.
Make a social media post saying you’re considering leaving your job/school to become a professional clown.
Give someone in the room a foot massage.
Call your girlfriend/boyfriend’s parents and tell them how much you love their child.
Lick someone’s tire.
Let everyone else playing choose something for you to brush your teeth with?
Go outside and cut 50 blades of grass with a pair of scissors.
Get a Hot Cheeto and out it in your nostril for 2 minutes.
Eat a spoonful of ketchup.
Swallow a raw egg.
Find something stinky in your trash and leave it on your head for a full minute.
Leave your nose under another player’s armpit for thirty seconds.
Let another player have your phone and text anyone on your contact list anything.
Let another player pour ice down your back, chest or butt.
Lick someone’s toe.
Let the person next to you do ten push-ups with you lying under them.
Switch socks with someone in the group.
Serenade anyone in the group.
Find a picture of a random person online and say how much they mean to you in a social media post.
Hold hands with one of the other players for the rest of the game.
Eat spaghetti, Lady and the Tramp-style, with another player.
Let one of the players give you a wedgie.
Ask the person you’ve been crushing on out on a date for this weekend.
Call one of your friends’ relatives on the phone and sing Frozen’s ‘Let It Go’ at the top of your lungs.
Pretend to be on dog peeing on a tire.
Make up a rap on the spot and sing it to everyone in the room.
Every time one of the players chooses ‘dare,’ walk across the floor like a crab.
Got to your neighbor’s house and explain to them that you’re looking for your pet penguin who just happens to be invisible.
For the next 15 minutes, talk with a deep country accent.
Make a ring with some foil paper and propose to whoever’s sitting on your right.
Act all creepy and smell someone’s hair until they notice what you’re doing.
Pretend to remove bugs from someone’s hair and eat it- kind of like a monkey would.
Allow someone in the room to give you a quick, mini makeover.
Make one of the other players repeat something at least five times by pretending not to hear them.
Pretend to be a chicken who’s having trouble laying an egg.
Call one of your relatives and convince them that you really saw a UFO.
Call your parents and tell them you’re expecting a baby.
Make a sandwich with every single condiment in your fridge, then eat it.
Let one of the other players draw you new eyebrows with a permanent marker.
Text one of your friends and tell them you didn’t appreciate them farting in your presence the last time you two hung out.
For the rest of the game, pretend to speak like the current president of the United States.
Call a hooker or strip club and ask for their rates.
Put the mark of Simba on another player’s head using ketchup.
Open any random book and read the entire page as if you were acting out a Shakespearean play.
Find a wig and sing one verse and chorus of a Whitney Houston song.
Chew a stick of gum without removing the wrapper.
Take off your socks using your teeth.
Like a bar of soap someone just used.
Roast every player that’s in the game.
Call a restaurant and ask really stupid questions about one of their menu options.
Do your best Michael Jackson impersonation.
What is the weirdest nickname you have ever had?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in school?
What’s the weirdest thing you have on your phone?
When was the last time your parent really appreciated you?
Would you trade your sibling for $5 million dollars?
Are your parents really proud of the life you’re living right now?
What’s the most awkward place you’ve farted?
Would you spy and betray your own country for a luxurious life?
Have you ever picked your nose without a tissue?
Have you ever peed in a swimming pool?
Have you thrown up in class with all your friends looking?
What’s the worst prank you’ve played on someone?
Have you ever smoked your dad’s cigarettes?
Have you ever been spotted by someone you don’t like, while at a public place?
Have you ever been cheated on?
What’s the most valuable thing you’ve stolen?
Have you ever spread a rumor about yourself, just to get attention?
What’s your biggest fear?
Do you talk to yourself in front of the mirror?
Who do you like the least among your parents and why?
What’s that one song, you would like to be played on your funeral?
Have you ever secretly dated your best friend’s girlfriend/ boyfriend?
Have you ever fallen out of the bed, at midnight?
Have you ever bullied someone and got beaten later on?
Have you ever run over an animal?
Have you ever watched an adult movie secretly?
How many selfies do you usually take before finally getting a good one?
Do you still sleep with a stuffed toy?
Have you ever done something weird just to look ‘cooler’?
Have you ever pooped in your pants?
Get a temporary tattoo of your ex on your forehead.
Slap yourself nonstop for 5 minutes.
Shave your head.
Dance without music for 2 minutes.
Let the person on your right draw something on your face.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Do you sleep with the lights on?
Which animal resembles you?
Have you spit in someone’s coffee/tea?
Have you ever shared someone else’s secret with your friends?
Have you ever stalked a person you’re not friends with anymore?
Would you cheat on your boyfriend for a rich guy?
Have you trash talked about your siblings behind their back?
Have you ever left the gym before re-racking the weights?
Would you take steroids?
One thing about your best friend you are jealous of?
Have you ever been rejected in public?
What is that one thing you want to improve about yourself?
Have you broken something at your friend’s house?
Have you ever lied about your age to participate in a contest?
If a genie appeared out of a lamp, what are going to be your three wishes?
Are you scared of skydiving?
What’s the most shameful incident of your life?
What’s the most inappropriate person you’ve ever desired about?
What’s the thing you hate about family gatherings?
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself.
Do poll dance for as long as the music plays, with an imaginary poll.
Do the worm.
Lick the floor.
Jump into a trash can outside your house.
Yell like an animal of your choice for the next 5 minutes.
What is your weirdest photo on Instagram?
Do you watch horror movies alone?
Have you ever brought your girlfriend home whilst your parents were away?
Do you still sleep in your parents’ room?
Do you envy your brother or sister?
Have you ever gotten scratched while in some random car?
Did you get caught stealing something ever?
What’s your most awful habit?
What’s the weirdest thing that has happened to you on a date?
Have you ever been suspended from school?
Have you ever lied to your mom about not having a girlfriend?
Have you ever stolen money from your dad’s wallet for a date?
What has been your wildest fantasy?
If you were invisible for day, who would you spy on?
Have you ever flirted with your teacher?
Have you ever done drugs and felt the world was about to explode?
Have you ever apologized publically for your any wrong doings?
Would you marry the girl of your mom’s choice?
If given the chance, would you take your life to extend the life of your loved ones?
What’s that one thing you hope your parents never get to know about?
Dares
Let anyone shave a part of your body.
Do 100 squats.
Swap shirts with the person on your left.
Break three eggs on your head.
Get your phone checked by your dad.
Truth or Dare Questions
Name 5 expensive things that you’ve never used and regret buying?
What’s the most humiliating moment you’ve faced at school?
What’s your worst nightmare?
Are you a homophobic person?
What’s your most annoying experience at a shopping mall?
Who among your friends has the worst dressing sense?
What’s the next thing on your bucket list?
Have you ever gotten high on marijuana?
Have you ever spent a night in lockup?
Have you ever cried in a public bathroom?
Have you ever had a pet?
How often do you use incognito mode to look at a blocked website’s content?
What do you think is your grossest habit?
Has someone ever called you a Casanova?
Share your worst public bathroom experience.
What do you consider your biggest turn-on?
Have you ever seen a robbery?
What’s that one part of the body that attracts you the most?
Have you ever thought of killing your friend?
Have you ever gotten a tattoo while drunk?
Are you serious about your current boyfriend/girlfriend?
Who loves you more among your parents and why?
What’s that one thing about yourself, you’re really proud of?
Have you ever genuinely liked someone you dated on tinder?
One thing you would love to do, if it were legal?
What changes would you make in your country, if you become the head of the state for a single day?
Have you ever slept at work?
Have you ever driven on a highway?
Have you ever been drunk and driven home?
Wash your companion’s feet.
Go and beg on the streets till you collect $30.
Dance with a mop.
Call the restaurant of your choice, and tell the hostess a naughty joke.
Keep barking like a dog, until your turn comes.
Massage the feet of a person standing right next to you.
Name ten body parts that your partner likes to kiss
Say a list of 10 items or things you bought and never used or regretted buying
If you were the opposite s*x for one hour, what would you do?
What was the most embarrassing moment of your life?
Have you ever been humiliated? Explain what happened and how you felt
Describe the strangest dream you’ve had in your life
Which player would you like to swap lives with for a week?
What physical feature do you get complimented on the most?
What is that one thing you would never do even if someone offered you all of the money in the world?
Among all the people in this room, which guy/girl would you like to date?
Who in the room do you think would be a bad date?
What is the quality or characteristic that would like to change about you?
Have you fallen in love with a friend of your partner? Has anyone noticed?
What do you think that your boyfriend/girlfriend thinks about marriage?
What was the craziest thing that has happened to you in a mall?
Mention the most annoying experience in some shopping.
What is the meanest thing you have done in your life?
Have you ever thought of cheat on your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever lied to your partner to avoid an intimate moment, for example, say that you feel sick?
What is the worst rumor or gossip you said or repeated and at the end was something wrong?
What was the most disgusting joke ever played with someone?
What’s your wildest fantasy?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
What’s the first thing you would do if you were invisible?
Have you ever been hinted or has overstepped someone of the same s*x? What happened, how did you react?
Which of the players in this group considered to have the most sensual and daring clothes?
Who do you think is the worst party dress? What would you recommend?
You might think that someone of your friends or family made a terrible decision for life says who and what s/he did.
Say who (here) has a wrong partner or does not suit him.
If you were marooned on an island with one person whom you know personally, who would like it to be that person?
He mentions something that ever done and that you did not want to be known
What is the dumbest thing you’ve said your partner while on intimacy?
Have you ever picked your nose and eaten it?
Which of the people who are in this game, considered to have the best body?
Which of the people who are in this game, believes it has lately deteriorated their physical appearance: his body, his dress?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what more naughty things you like to do?
Ask a random stranger to make out with you.
Act like you do not understand your language until your next turn (come up with your language).
Do pushups until it’s your turn again.
Wear a finger mustache for the next 5 minutes.
Eat a raw egg.
Bark like a dog.
Sing a song all the way through to the end.
Dance wildly to your favorite song.
Act like a dog and get petted by everyone.
Get a shower with all your clothes on.
Draw a face around your belly button.
Let someone write a word on your forehead in permanent marker.
Post an embarrassing picture of yourself online.
Put ice cube down bra or underwear and wait till melts.
Act like an old lady or an old man.
Spin around ten times, when you get done, try to walk in a straight line.
Go a whole minute without blinking.
Say “banana” after everything you say until it is your turn again.
Act like a monkey until it is your turn again.
Go up to someone and scare them.
Very affectionately kiss another participant (the rest can choose whom).
Give a massage to a companion for 5 minutes.
Eat a tablespoon of butter.
Asks for money on the street telling a funny story and nothing credible and board 50$.
Sing and dance in the street like crazy.
Become the slave of another player of your choosing for 5 mins.
Embrace the first passing through the street.
Dance with a broom or mop.
For guys: Briefly walk like a lady in high heels.
Climb to sing in the bar of a bar.
Declare who is your true love.
Tell something very intimate.
sing the alphabet without moving your mouth.
Do your best president impression.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now.
Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas.
Once you have your eyes closed, feel someone’s face and guess who they are.
Make up a story about the item to your right.
Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes.
Give a foot massage to someone present.
Give the person to your left a hickey.
Say the alphabet backward in 15 seconds.
